#student, you have had a successful run in this course! You have strong study habits, which are reflected in your high grade of #grade%. I've seen good critical thinking abilities and great problem solving skills from you. Throughout this course, you were determined to understand everything and did not give up until mastering the concept. It has been a pleasure teaching you this year and I wish you the best of luck for the future.
#student, I have observed in class that you have all the study habits of a highly effective learner. You have done really well in this course. I applaud your willingness to ask questions when something is not well understood.  Asking question shows the determination for the subject which leads to a better understanding of topics. You systematically studied each day. Your final grade of #grade% reflects all your hard work and effort. I hope to teach you again in the future.
You completed your #course credit with a dollop of excellence! You have proven to be an effective student who completes tasks in a logical order and are usually on task! I appreciate the questions asked in class as well as the determination of dealing with challenging problems. With these great skills #student, you have acheived a mind blowing mark of #grade% which is amongst the top of the class. I have really enjoyed teaching you and I wish you the best of luck in the future!
#student, you have had a prosperous run in this course! You have vigorous study habits, which are reflected in your high grade of #grade%. I've visually perceived good critical cerebrating facilities and great quandary solving skills from you. Throughout this course, you were tenacious to understand everything and did not give up until mastering the concept. It has been a gratification edifying you this year and I optate you the best of fortuity for the future.
#student, I have observed in class that you have all the study habits of a highly efficacious learner. You have done authentically well in this course. I applaud your inclination to ask questions when something is not well understood.  Asking question shows the tenacity for the subject which leads to a better understanding of topics. You systematically studied each day. Your final grade of #grade% reflects all your strenuous exertion and effort. I hope to edify you again in the future.
You consummated your #course credit with a dollop of excellence! You have proven to be an efficacious student who consummates tasks in a logical order and are customarily on task! I appreciate the questions asked in class as well as the tenacity of dealing with conundrums. With these great skills #student, you have achieved a mind blowing mark of #grade% which is amongst the top of the class. I have genuinely relished edifying you and I optate you the best of fortuity in the future!